I used to live my life a quarter mile at
a time but things changed our Father now
I will always be in your heart
little Brian I have a gift for you your
daddy gave me this no I'm gonna give it
to you
it's very special it's for protection
from what's coming all right down what's
next
no matter how fast you are
compared to you knowing are unsurpassed
your vegetable tummy and mine just
caught up to me there's a long time
don't so we're up against a master thief
fasten high-performance driver
who is he
[Music]
Jacob is Dom's brother your whole life
you pushed yourself to be faster than
Darin
smarter than down stronger than time
but could you kill him
[Music]
because I'm ready if you are
there is nothing more powerful than the
love of family you turn that into anger
is nothing more dangerous maybe this is
the end but we won't go out together you
know I'd ride to the death with you
[Music]
let's get to work please tell me that's
not a Pontiac Fiero strapped to a rocket
engine impressive I no no no that's
that's not in for us
I came here to take you down a little
gaga that's your mistake this is my
world
damn they got a magnet plane hold on
tell me you're not thinking what I think
you're thinking there's no bridge
oh hell nah
[Music]
hey guys surprise
nice Clubhouse